## **Steps to reproduce the experiments described in the paper "Mixed Newton Method for Optimization in Complex Spaces"**

- **Positive polynomials minimaiztion.** 
experiments/positive_polynomial/RMNM_and_ONM_for_positive_polynomial.ipynb contains numerical experiments for the comparison of Ordinary Mixed Newton (ONM) and Regularized Mixed Newton (RMNM) in terms of nonnegative real polynomials minimization.
- **Telecommunication task simulations.** 

    - Folder experiments/CVCNN and experiments/RVCNN contains config.yaml file which includes 2 parameters provided to the user for adjustment: device and chunk_num.
    - chunk_num parameter relates to the number of chunks to divide whole signal into and accumuate hessian and gradient. It is recommended to set number of chunks such that whole signal length is divisible evenly by number of chunks for correct hessian and gradient accumulation. Whole signal length equals 170800 complex samples.

    1. **_Simulations on CV-CNN model:**
        In folder experiments/CVCNN:
        - Run run_CMNM.py to reproduce results achieved by Cubic Mixed-Newton method.
        - Run run_CNM.py to reproduce results achieved by Cubic Newton method.
        - Run run_LM_MNM.py to reproduce results achieved by Mixed-Newton method with Levenberg-Marquardt adaptive regularization control.
        - Run run_LM_NM.py to reproduce results achieved by Newton method with Levenberg-Marquardt adaptive regularization control.
        - Results provided by authors included in experiments/CVCNN/results folder.
        - Reproduced results, generated by run-files, will be saved in experiments/CVCNN/results_reproduced folder.
        - plot_results.ipynb calculates min-max range and mean curves on base of calculated results and plots corresponding graphs, showed in paper.
    2. **_Simulations on RV-CNN model:_**
        In folder experiments/RVCNN:
        - Run run_CNM.py to reproduce results achieved by Cubic Newton method.
        - Run run_LM_NM.py to reproduce results achieved by Newton method with Levenberg-Marquardt adaptive regularization control.
        - Results provided by authors included in experiments/RVCNN/results folder.
        - Reproduced results, generated by run-files, will be saved in experiments/RVCNN/results_reproduced folder.
        - plot_results.ipynb calculates min-max range and mean curves on base of calculated results and plots corresponding graphs, showed in paper.

- **Abalone task simulations.** Simulations on both real-valued and complex-valued MLP model:
    In folder experiments/MLP:
    - Run run.ipynb to reproduce simulations related to all considered optimization methods: LM-MNM, CMNM, LM-NM, CNM.
    - Run plot_results.ipynb to plot corresponding graphs, showed in paper.
    - Results provided by authors included in experiments/MLP/results folder.
    - Reproduced results, generated by run-file, will be saved in experiments/MLP/results_reproduced folder.
    - plot_results.ipynb calculates min-max range and mean curves on base of calculated results and plots corresponding graphs, showed in paper.